daughter in law. I didn’t expect that your biological father is now the richest man.
This time you go back and recognize your wife. Will it?
You won’t marry me. What are you thinking about?
How many noble men will want to marry you then?
Bah bah. Don't you still believe me?
In this life, no one but you can tell whether you can or not.
Besides, we both have received our certificates.
We are not all equal legally.
Of course I believe you. But I still hope to have your parents' blessing when we get married.
I didn't find it before, but I have found it now.
Finally I can do it at the wedding point
Let you come to me with your father in your bowl
Well, husband, you miss him so far away
However, our arbitrariness will lead to too many weddings, so we need to cancel our account first.
I'll go back by myself first
Do he and I, the parents of a biology student, agree with each other?
If he can act for someone
Then we will cancel our wedding directly
Living without parents
Let’s travel and get married
Then ask the security guard to take you back to the ground.
Otherwise, I will personally send your wife to you
You guys helped me out
Only CEO Shen’s unmarried period
He has been a gangster since he was a child
The president just gave the order today
Wait for the lady to wake up
Just escort the lady to the couple's room
Think they are too biological parents
Then the guardian is the guardian father of the couple, right?